*Bells chime* x3

Chapel music starts

Walk into church, past pews, onto altar

"Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife?"
"..."
"I do."

fade out get picture 1:1/2

feast music begins fade into scene. you are small and tables are big. food falls from tables and might land on you, you avoid it or get sent back to checkpoint

get thrpuhg feast fade out get picture: 1:2/2




Cell phone rings. when picked up, ringing stops, heart beat music begins. 

"Come quick, my water broke!"

"I'll be right there!"

room is dark, only bed, door and nightstand visible

run out of door, now outside in forest setting

run through forest, heart speed increases as you reach hospital

dodge iv drips and carts as they roll towards you

make it into room as heart speed incraassessesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

"Look honey, He has your eyes..."

heart song ends, heart beat remains as fades out get picure : 2:1/2

heart beat continues as next level is faded in and your light clicks on.

Walk and do plaforming, dodging blood drops and jumping over pits until you come to a bright light

fade to white get photo: 2:2/2



birds are chirping

"go on sport, toss me the ball!"

Press space to throw

"Great throw! catch!"

Ball is thrown over him, landing far behind him in forest

"Ill get it!"

child runs into forest doing slight platforming

chlid finds ball

turns around and shadow figure is blocking path

throw ball to dissipate figure

parkour back through level and kill shadows

fight one last shadow figure and come back out into the backyard with dad

fade out get picture : 3:1/2

fade back in, playing catch with dad

throw back and forth several times

"I'm open kid!"

next throw goes over fathers head, breaks the window of the glass thats off screen

Glass breaking

"Boys! Get in here!"

Fade to black get picture 3:2/2

Car wrech sound

sirens

Fade from black

outside on road using assets from forest

siren still going off

walk down straight road

as you get closer to the reddish bright area at the end, you walk slower and slower

eventually you stop at a car accident and car crash

fade to black get picture: 4:1/2

In hospital, heart beat song starts in middle but slowly gets slower and slower as you get further through level

heart beat flatlines as you get to the hospital door

fade to black get picture: 4:2/2



fade in, in bathroom

look in mirror

press space to look

glass break, in mirror

climb the level and make shortcuts for yourself as you continue

reach the top before your shadow to leave mirror

walk to door and leave

fade to black: get picture : 5:1/2

Text appears on screen before fade in

"Hi! How are you doing tonight?"

w1-"Just fine now that you're here. Tell me about yourself."

"well.. there's nothing to really talk about."

w1-"Oh. Well then tell me about your family."

"My parents died in a car wreck."

"...I'm sorry, but I don't think this will work out between us. You.. sweetie you probably need to see a therapist if you haven't already. Goodbye."


"Uh.. Hi."

w2-"Hi! and you must be my date?

"Yes i beleieve so."

w2-"Oooh a funny one? This'll be fun!"

fade out and back in

"That was a wonderful night!"

w2-"It sure was! How about again Thursday night?"

"Sorry, i have therapy on thursdays. Maybe another day?"

fade out fade in, different girl

w3-"So youll be paying tonight right?"

"um... yeah, i guess so."

w3-"Good, just like it should be. Oh could you buy me that for me?"

"I... no, i dont think this is going to work out. Have a good day."

fade out

"Hello?"

w4-"Hi! How's it going? How was the date?"

"It really didn't go well. She was kind of weird about money and kept bringing it up so i just decided to leave."

w4-"Thats rough. Want to hang out and tell me about it? I've got some coffee going."

"That sounds wonderful actually. Just wondering.."

w4-"Yes?"

"Would you like to go out to eat sometime? Not like a date or anything-"

"That sounds wonderful. Itll be a date, but for now i want you to come in and tell me about what happened. How about it?"

"I think Id like that."

fade out get Pitcture: 5: 2/2

fade in, chapel bells again

walkinto the chapel and up onto the altar

"Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife?"
"..."
"I do."

"Do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband?"
"..."
"I do."

"Sir, you may kiss your bride."

fade out get picture 6:1/2

fade in 

w4-"i love you"

"i love you too"

w4-"want to grab the car and go out to eat?"

"how about we just walk home instead?"

they walk home and wife sits on couch you enter behind her and sit on couch

frame zooms in and becomes photo 6: 2/2

Ringing phone 

"Hello?"

"My water broke, grab the bag i made and meet me at the hospital!"

"Im on my way!"

rushes into the room and sets the bag down next to his wife and child

"Hi honey... open the bag"

Opens bag and pulls out a scrapbook showing all of the photos of the game including the final one, a picture of him, his wife, his child, and scrapbook, all on the final page


















